Updated content in various nodes in NodeJS  -Why nodejs, Installing N… (#2019)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/107-nodejs/content/101-nodejs-modules/102-global-keyword.md

> # Global keyword
> 
>  Node.js Global Objects are the objects that are available in all modules. Global Objects are built-in objects that are part of the JavaScript and can be used directly in the application without importing any particular module.
> 
>  The Node.js Global Objects are listed below: 
> 
>  1.Class
> 
>  2.It is a global scope when declared within the browser. However, any variable defined within a node.js file is accessible only within that file.
> 
>  3.TextDecoder: It is an implementation of the WHATWG Encoding Standard TextDecoder API. 
>  
>  4.Class: URL The URL class instance is a global object and is implemented by the following WHATWG URL Standard. The URL constructor creates a new URL object.
> 
>  5.URLSearchParams: URLSearchParams API is used to perform read and write operations on the query of a URL. 
> 
>  6.WebAssembly: The global object that acts as a namespace for all W3C WebAssembly related functionality. WebAssembly is a low level Assembly-like language that can be run on modern browsers. 
> 
>  7.__filename: The output throws an error which proves that __filename is not globally defined in node.js. It requires a script to give the desired output as __filename is only defined in scripts.
> 
>  <ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Read' href='https://nodejs.org/en/about/'>Official Website</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/node-js-global-objects/'>Node.JS Global</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='green' badgeText='Read' href='https://nodejs.org/api/globals.html'>About Global</BadgeLink>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# global Keyword

In browsers, the top-level scope is the global scope. This means that within the browser var something will define a new global variable. In Node.js this is different. The top-level scope is not the global scope; `var something` inside a Node.js module will be local to that module.

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://nodejs.org/api/globals.html#global'>global Keyword in Node.js</BadgeLink>
```
